DONE Get some sounds working. Follow this tutorial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNtuLw2fybo

    ALSO watch this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXWvfrmpapI

    DONE Compress font to desired glyphs.

DONE Make a moving line with the Rect tool

DONE Synchronise the movement of the line with the sheet music and the sound output

DONE Create a random sequence of notes with generating logic.
    DONE Sound and Line animation are synchronised
    DONE Note placement should be synchronised to make line animation linear.

DONE Make the notes fit into bars

... Clean up the conditionals determining the note bars and note tails.

DONE Clean the bpm

NO Wrap the drawing, the sound and the animation with one function so that variables can be distributed amongst all of them.
    - Can't see the utility in this right now, just seems like I'd be createing deeper layers of scoping for no reason.

DONE Want the drawing to wrap itself properly

DONE - many improvements to come, like responsiveness to differing measure widths... A line should be drawn between the measures

DONE I want to be able to call a stop to the play back and animation with the click of a button.
    Still need to call stop.
    Should only be able to click play once whilst in play through

DONE Add an input control for the bpm.

DONE Allow the playback to loop.

DONE Permit the usage of sharps and flats
    - DONE Sound
    - DONE Represent them with glyphs, I only need key signatures for now.

DONE The animation timing is really dodgy, perhaps base it off measure size so that we avoid having to manually count pixels all the time?
    DONE Maybe just alter the end bar to sit where the note ends... it might be squishy for the 1/16th notes but at least it's accurate.

later - Add bass chords
    - DONE Finished with the single bass line
    - Need to work on the chords... gonna need a more sophisticated way to represent timing.

Allow the playback to be paused and restarted from any position.
    Gonna have to construct this manually.

! Add a metronome.
    - build this in another file.




Perhaps there should be a minimum bar size, or 0.25 spacing distance.

Figure out how to scroll the canvas without changing the canvas size

Make the graphics scalable

0.5 and 0.25 should join with each other when adjacent according to pulse



FIXED Logic for determining key signature based on starting note is flawed

FIXED I want to set an initial note for both bass and treble without having to specify how far they are apart



DONE - A lot of the code for drawing treble and bass notes is duplicated, see if you can collapse them to one pass.    


DONE Need to be able to control the amount of measures per bar, maybe limit to 3 or 4.
DONE Need to be able to control the number of measures, and handle scrolling.
DONE It would be nice to have multiple time signatures, at least to have the 3 by 4.


DONE ? Shift the key signature back when the time signature doesn't appear on the staff
    Shifting the notes back would be nice as well, but it seems this is going to upset a lot of the moving parts.

DONE Canvas will extend, make it change its dimensions based on the amount of bars it needs to draw

FIXED There is a bug with the Stop button for the main playback. Double clicking stop will require the play button to be double clicked to see the animated bar.
DONE UI stuff
DONE Give the metronome a pulse
    DONE Provide a bass frequency based on the key.
    DONE Play with gain changes and/or lesser frequency differences because the octave is a bit hard to hear

FIXED soft sounds for low frequencies. I made a graded check for frequencies and changed gain accordingly.
DONE Truncate the ending staff when the notes don't reach the final measure allotment
    DONE Draw an end glyph at the end of the generation.


Playing chords
Scale Selection
    Minor Key Object if very different... any better way to deal with this other than expanding edge cases?


I need to work on the under and over note lines: C2 up to C6.
    - Is it possible to find a general solution?
LATER: 
Playing chunks, such as arpeggios.

